Reorganize Contribution docs (#354)
pulp/pulp-cli: docs/contributing.md

Further we encourage the handling of communication with certain endpoints by subclassing the `PulpEntityContext`.
By attaching them to the contexts of certain command groups, they are accessible to commands via the `pass_entity_context` decorator.
Those entity contexts should provide a common interface to the layer of `click` commands that define the user interaction.

```python
@main.command()
@pass_pulp_context
@click.pass_context
def my_command(ctx, pulp_ctx):
    ctx.obj = MyEntityContext(pulp_ctx)

@my_command.command()
@pass_entity_context
def my_sub_command(entity_ctx):
    ... href = ...
    entity_ctx.destroy(href)
```

### Version dependent code paths

Each Pulp CLI release is designed to support multiple Pulp server versions and the CLI itself is versioned independently of any version of the Pulp server components.
It is supposed to be able to communicate with different combinations of server component versions at the same time.
Because of this, it might be necessary to guard certain features and workarounds by checking against the available server plugin version.

> To divert code paths depending on plugin versions, use the `PulpContext.has_version` function.
> As a rule of thumb, all necessary workarounds should be implemented in the corresponding `Context` objects to provide a consistent interface to the command callbacks.
> 
> The entity contexts should be used to implement necessary server version-dependent workarounds.
> To facilitate this, the `PulpContext` provides the `needs_plugin` and `has_plugin` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a rule of thumb, all necessary workarounds should be implemented in the corresponding `Context` objects to provide a consistent interface to the command callbacks.
To facilitate diverting code paths depending on plugin versions, the `PulpContext` provides the `needs_plugin` and `has_plugin` methods.
```

Author: Added your rewrite. Thank you!

While `has_plugin` will evaluete immediately, `needs_plugin` can be seen as a deferred assertion.
It will raise an error, once the first access to the server is attempted.

```python
class MyEntityContext(PulpEntityContext):
    def show(self, href):
        if self.pulp_ctx.has_plugin(PluginRequirement("my_content", min="1.2.3", inverted=True)):
            # Versioned workaroud
            # see bug-tracker/12345678
            return lookup_my_content_legacy(href)
        return super().show(href)

@main.command()
@pass_pulp_context
@click.pass_context
def my_command(ctx, pulp_ctx):
    pulp_ctx.needs_plugin(PluginRequirement("my_content", min="1.0.0"))
    ctx.obj = MyEntityContext(pulp_ctx)
```

The named tuple `PluginRequirement` is used to describe dependence on server components.
It needs the `name` of the plugin and accepts optionally an inclusive `min` version,
an exclusive `max` version, and an `inverted` flag for exclusion of a version range.

Additionally, the `PulpOption` provides the `needs_plugins` keyword argument.
It accepts a list of `PluginRequirements` to error when used.

> ## Generics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generics
```

Author: Fixed!

For certain often repeated patterns like listing all entities of a  particular kind,
we provide generic commands that use the underlying context objects.

```python
from pulpcore.cli.common.generic import name_option, show_command,

lookup_params = [name_option]
my_command.add_command(show_command(decorators=lookup_params))
```

Some of these commands understand extra arguments.
They can be attached by passing a list of `click.Options` via the `decorators` argument.

```python
from pulpcore.cli.common.generic import list_command,

filter_params = [
    click.option("--name"),
    click.option("--name-contains", "name__contains"),
]
my_command.add_command(list_command(decorators=filter_params))
```

> ## Code conventions

Reviewer: I would put the code (styling) conventions before the architecture.

  - `PulpEntityContext.pulp_href`: This property can be used to specify an entity by its URI.
    It will be fetched from the server only at read access.

> ## Compatibility to pulp versions

Reviewer: This one should probably be merged with "Version dependent codepaths". This one is the goal, the other one is the tooling for it.
We should have them adjacent at least.

Author: I have tried to do this @mdellweg let me know if you have any suggestions

They should should focus on the cli operation and are not a replacement for pulp integration tests;
i.e. make sure the cli translates to the right api calls, but do not care about pulp internals.

> ## Running Tests

Reviewer: This makes me think, we should state that we require tests for features in the conventions section (It's better to set the expectations strait upfront.).
Or maybe we add a PR checklist.

Author: I added a line but I agree with a PR checklist, but perhaps that can be an additional PR that is out of the scope of this rearrangement PR. 
I was wondering if an example test for a feature would be helpful also. 
But perhaps anyone contributing to the CLI would not need such handholding. I always tend to lean towards highest level of handholding we can offer :-)

Reviewer: +1 to followup PR's.
Handholding can include that we run shell scripts located in the `tests/scripts` directory.
